I
Oh
1977 a little store in New York's East
Village make Punk hair available to
anyone who wanted it supplying the first
drops in an ocean of alternative hair
dye products we used to come up with
athens and drive to me or queen Stella's
hit st. mark's place and hang out at
manukau nagar sisters Titian snuggie by
the centos of manic panic it's a
psychiatric term for when
manic-depressives go into a panic it's
called a manic panic we've found the
space on st. wats place which was dead
like an expertly block it was two
hundred and fifty dollars a month we
were living with our mother so we didn't
have much overhead we started going to
England at bringing back hair guy sex
pit bulls t shirt but prior to starting
manic panic this duo was showcasing
their bold fashion statements on stage
singing backup for various contacts and
the original blondie it was like you put
the band for us at the time because she
was wearing some kind of wacky clothes
and wigs and all that we do have a long
list of people that helped get us here
and some of them are actually performers
and some of them are actually girls so
Tish and Snooki and Julie and Jackie you
wherever you may be thank you from the
bottom of my heart
for the sisters Manic Panic was a
natural evolution of their rock-and-roll
lifestyle singing career help supplement
Manic Panic saw favorite yeah this in
the beginning we're making more money as
little as it was singing then in the
shop
me run
I
oh you ain't
when
I
nothing I got
you some ginger from Gilligan's Island
oh yeah he's my baby you know what's the
name of Kiwis
I hard
shuffle hi
I'm
No
yah
I know you
how to drive but this is a nightmare
oh yeah
Wow
beginner
petitions maybe operate a wholesale
distribution business in Long Island
City word of mouth with a lot of
business but also the internet it's
definitely the American dream that you
could actually start with couple hundred
dollars whoop your butt off and end up
with something to show
you don't know me
No